[Music]
this time
i'm going to talk about a summary of the
live-action storyline from the famous
anime
attack on titans tells the story of
mankind attempting to survive tighten
attacks behind the wall
okie without lingering just put on your
hands free
make sure your lying position is
symmetrical fasten your pants
stop picking your nose enjoy watching
and here we go
the apoplectic time is shown as the
movie starts it means that human-like
monsters named titans had destroyed the
whole world 1000 years ago
being afraid human beings are surviving
behind their own made walls to save
themselves
and they were surviving with the hope
behind the wall
that wall will shield them if titans
come
the inner world of walls had been
divided into three parts
the third part of area included peasants
who used to survive working in the farms
the second part was industrial where the
factories had been constructed
the first part of area was integral
where the aristocratic people were
holding the whole city
and no one was allowed to move from one
area to another
a boy named oren living in the third
part of the area
being terrified he could not live like
the prisoners behind the walls
because he has a passion to do something
great it was his dream to explore the
outside world
he also shares his dream with his
friends because he was doubtful on the
existence of the titans
he used to think that people are hidden
here as being afraid from the titans
iren's male friend is also brilliant
along with him
peasants were not allowed to conduct any
experiment
according to government it will be wrong
if anyone struggles to achieve his
success
there is a girl named mikasa irene and
mikasa used to like each other
she wanted to lead a comfortable life
with iren
there was a bomb machine so this place
was his best loved for this cause
being afraid people avoided to visit
here
now this time iran intends to go beyond
the wall at any rate
there was the security of military
officers near the wall
but hiding from the eyes of military
they come nearer to the wall
but they are arrested before they move
ahead
military leader secures them because he
had a soft corner for a wren
and he was aware about the brilliancy of
iren and he had understanding of aaron's
passion
they are still conversing as such that
earth shakes
looking above the wall they are not
believing what is before their sight
at the first time they were facing a
great terror he was monster titan who
was bigger and stronger than other
titans
is made of fire and taller than that
wall at that time
he was blowing fire he begins to crack
the wall
using his giant feet
there was a worst condition because of
the fire attack leader commands a
military officer to
attack with bombs but that soldier stops
him saying that government has banned us
to use these explosives